[DX-1618] Update long-term-support-releases.md (#5255)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/special-releases-and-features/long-term-support-releases.md

We release a new Gateway LTS version every 12 months, which includes the [latest stable Golang version](https://go.dev/dl/).

Advantages of a 12-Month Long-Term Support (LTS) Cycle:
1. It allows us to keep pace with Golang versions and other key dependency upgrades, which keeps both our customers and your customers safe (low CVE).
2. It allows us to bring you the best capability whilst offering stability.
3. It allows us to get great product insight and use that to improve the product.

In case there's a need to operate on a version beyond the established LTS policy, potential assistance may be available. However, this requires a discussion with your designated *Account Manager*.

### Support Definitions

#### Full Support {#full-support}

During the full support period, we patch the LTS branch on a regular 7-week cadence. 
These patches may include any of the following:
- Security updates
- Bug fixes
- UX and UI improvements
- Any other necessary changes, regardless of severity level.

#### Maintenance Support {#maintenance-support}

> After the initial 12 months of full support, the LTS release enters a maintenance support phase for the following 12 months. During this time, we focus on critical fixes and essential security patches only. The goal is to ensure the LTS release remains stable and secure without altering its core functionality. This phase is designed for customers who value long-term stability over cutting-edge features.

Author: ```suggestion
After the initial 12 months of full support, Tyk will release a new LTS version. This means that the previous LTS version now enters maintenance support. In maintenance support, we do not offer regular planned patching. Instead, we will only fix bugs and security issues deemed critical, and this will be a reactive process based on need. If your internal upgrade processes are heavily governed, this may be something you want to take advantage of
If we find something critical we will react immediately and invoke our critical fix process. Generally critical fixes are expressed as a system down with no workaround, or an urgent security issue.
```
